#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy
#User manual for OpenERP/Magento Bridge

Installation
-------------

To get started you need to install both :

-the Magento Interface module on OpenERP, using the .zip file

-the OpenERP module for magento using Magento Connect Utility 
(code : Mage_OpenERP_Synchro )


Configuration
-------------

You need to configure website, shop, category, and tax class

-Website

	On OpenERP, you need to configure a website Name & Url, the
	magento_id must be set to one.
	The URL must point a the base of your magento webiste.
	
-Shop

	You must configure a shop with the magento_id set to one,
	a pricelist and a warehouse must be defined for the shop.
	
-Category

	You can synchronize Magento & OpenERP categories, by setting
	the magento_id on OpenERP categories, corresponding to the Magento
	categories Id.

-Tax Class
	
	You can synchronize Taxes on the products : 
	When you assign taxes, such as VAT, to a product on OpenERP, you can
	also assign it a tax class id, on magento.
	Then tax class can be applied on the products in magento,
	
	/!\ Warning
	In Magento > Configuration > Sales > Sales > Tax Calculation
	you must set :
	Catalog prices include tax, to No
	Apply Tax after Discount, to No


Products synchronization
------------------------

	The "Products synchronization" wizard will import or/and update the
	products of your OpenERP catalog to Magento Catalog.
	You can't prevent a product to be exported by setting the "exportable"
	field to False on a product (setted on True by default)



Sale orders synchronization
---------------------------

-Import

	the "import" wizard will import magento orders to OpenERP
	it will also create a partner, with the customer information 
	(if he is not already known) and save his adress
	
-Correct
	
	In the case you import a sale order with a product defined in magento
	and not known by OpenERP, it will be uncomplete, the fied "has error" will take 
	the value of 1.
	You can still correct the order by registering the product in OpenERP
	and set the magento id in OpenERP, same the one in Magento, then
	the "correct" wizard will allow you to correct sale order. 

-Update
	
	the "update" wizard will update the state of the order in magento
	for the different states to draft from done.
	